zigbee: refactor zigbee shell code [KRKNWK-7375] (#7273)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

>   * Extended ``zcl cmd`` shell command to allow sending groupcasts.
>   * Extended ``zdo`` shell commands to allow binding to a group addresses.
>   * Fixed an issue where printing binding table containing group-binding entries results in corrupted output.
>   * Added a set of ``zcl groups`` shell commands for managing Zigbee groups.
>   * Changed internal ctx mgr structures.
>   * Added :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ZIGBEE_SHELL_ZCL_CMD_TIMEOUT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added a set of ``zcl groups`` shell commands for managing Zigbee groups.
  * Added :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ZIGBEE_SHELL_ZCL_CMD_TIMEOUT` for timing out ZCL cmd commands.
  * Changed internal context manager structures.
  * Extended ``zcl cmd`` shell command to allow sending groupcasts.
  * Extended ``zdo`` shell commands to allow binding to a group addresses.
  * Fixed an issue where printing binding table containing group-binding entries results in corrupted output.
```
